README.md, before:

# Daily Toronto Scraper app

This repo is a barebones Heroku app that uses the Scheduler addon to run
Toronto's IncrementalEvent scraper daily. We are currently awaiting a
merge of [a change in the OpenCivicData
standard](https://github.com/opencivicdata/python-opencivicdata-django/pull/57),
and so are using a [custom
branch](https://github.com/patcon/scrapers-ca/tree/test/eventagendaitem-classification-scrape).

The app is hosted at https://scrapers-to.herokuapp.com, but since the
magic happens in the scheduled task, there's not much to look at.

### Local

mkvirtualenv opencivicdata-ca --python=`python3`
workon opencivicdata-ca
cd scrapers && make pip-install
cd ..
make pupa-update people committees events-incremental
```

### Heroku

For posterity, this is the setup that was required on Heroku to get this
working:

```
heroku config:set DATABASE_URL=<staging database url>
heroku config:set OCD_DIVISION_CSV=../country-ca-toronto.csv
heroku addons:create scheduler
heroku addons:open scheduler
```

From the page openned above, we add this scheduled command to run
nightly during off-hours in Toronto:

    cd scrapers && pupa update ca_on_toronto people committees events-incremental

If at any point we want to blow away the database and start from
scratch:

```
# Drop all tables in the database and repopulate divisions table
heroku run 'cd scrapers && pupa dbinit --reset ca'

# Manually re-run until scheduler takes over
heroku run 'cd scrapers && pupa update ca_on_toronto people committees events-incremental'
```

Commit message:

Updated readme about auto-deploys not being supported.

README.md, after:

# Daily Toronto Scraper app

This repo is a barebones Heroku app that uses the Scheduler addon to run
Toronto's IncrementalEvent scraper daily. We are currently awaiting a
merge of [a change in the OpenCivicData
standard](https://github.com/opencivicdata/python-opencivicdata-django/pull/57),
and so are using a [custom
branch](https://github.com/patcon/scrapers-ca/tree/test/eventagendaitem-classification-scrape).

The app is hosted at https://scrapers-to.herokuapp.com, but since the
magic happens in the scheduled task, there's not much to look at.

### Local

mkvirtualenv opencivicdata-ca --python=`python3`
workon opencivicdata-ca
cd scrapers && make pip-install
cd ..
make pupa-update people committees events-incremental
```

### Heroku

For posterity, this is the setup that was required on Heroku to get this
working:

```
heroku config:set DATABASE_URL=<staging database url>
heroku config:set OCD_DIVISION_CSV=../country-ca-toronto.csv
heroku addons:create scheduler
heroku addons:open scheduler
```

From the page openned above, we add this scheduled command to run
nightly during off-hours in Toronto:

    make pupa-update people committees events-incremental bills-incremental

If at any point we want to blow away the database and start from
scratch:

```
# Drop all tables in the database and repopulate divisions table
heroku run 'cd scrapers && pupa dbinit --reset ca'

# Manually re-run until scheduler takes over
heroku run make pupa-update people committees events-incremental bills-incremental
```

### Notes

* We can't auto-deploy this app from GitHub due to it's use of
  submodules, [which are not
supported](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/github-integration#git-submodules).
